# Challenges in Big Data Marketing to Traditional Automobile Marketing

Due to lack of man power the sampling of data is difficult and giving the assurance of representativeness, randomness and accuracy is also very challenging. <br/>
In addition the industry can face a huge loss in the revenue of enterprises for the difficulty in understanding the customer requirements and for not handling
the information database properly, duplicacy of data may cause a serious issue in the process of automobile marketing. <br/>
EPR information processing method, DMS system and CRM system have been used to sort out production quality control, customer requirements to realize the importance of service. <br/>
How to master the needs of consumers and meet the expectations of consumers is the first problem to be solved. The collected data are relatively trivial and scattered, so the management of data is very much necessery. <br/>
Big data technology can make automobile enterprises survive in the fierce competition, and can also enhance the value of their own brands.

## Big Data Application in Automobile Marketing 
The fitting indexes of customer interaction confirmatory factor model are shown in Tables
1. Here we can see in the table to meet the adaption standard absoulute adaption index should be less than 
2. According to the data in Table 2, the absolute fitness index and value-added adaptation index meet the adaptation standard.

Here we can see R-square value of the relationship between shopping website interactivity and customer satisfaction is 0.614 adjusted R-square value is 0.608, degree of the regression equation is 60.8% standard estimation error is 0.450 F-test value is 105.002 the significance probability is 0.000 which means that there is a significant correlation between the two. <br/>

It is concluded that customer interaction has a significant positive impact on customer satisfaction. Customers can obtain more product-information through communication with automobile 4S stores, so as to improve their satisfaction. In statistics, confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) is a special form of factor analysis, most commonly used in social research
<br/>
### Regression analysis is a reliable method of identifying which variables have impact on a topic of interest.

> Extended Producer Responsibility

> Customer relationship management
