# Innovation of automobile marketing mode based on Big Data Marketing

Here comes the concept of precision marketing. <br/>
The concept of precision marketing was proposed by Philip Kotler, an American marketing author, in 2005. <br/>
He believed that enterprises need to develop marketing plans based on both results and actions. <br/> 
Enterprises need to change the traditional marketing mode into a precision marketing mode. <br/>
As big data marketing reflects all kinds of data and information, and transfer the effective product information
to right customers through effective carriers at the right time and in a reasonable way.

It has three aspects:
- Precise positioning based on big data mining
- Accurate push based on big data application
- Fine management for big data analysis

## Precise positioning based on big data mining
It deals with
- Deep mining of high-value data from massive infomation of consumers and competitior
- Use it to improve and innovate research and development of the products
- To effectively enhance the competitive advantages

## Accurate push based on big data application
It tells
- To realize the needs of consumers and exploreing different consumer groups
- Including relevant and personalized recommendations
- Then pushes effective product information to the market having target customers

## Fine management for big data analysis
It says
- Management should focus on the integration of data and big data platforms
- Management should have professional data analysis and mining team

## Conclusion
So what we can conclude? <br/> 
Firtsly, Whole marketing process can be divided into 3 sub-process: 
1) Early publicity: Includes brand promotion and customer development
2) Mid-term sales: Deals with customers at the sales-place, conversation with customers towards a successful sale
3) After-sales service: Tracking service after mid-term sales

The traditional automobile marketing focuses on the mid-term sales, neglecting the early publicity and developing
the target customers. <br/> 
Which causes in extensive advertisement, low accuracy, increased cost and finally unable to improve sales. <br/>

Here big data marketing provides
- To manage large user database
- Accurate product information Push
- Having insight into consumer demand
- Finding consumer hotspots
- Providing services to improve user experience

Which improves sales as well as overall performance. <br/>
